Ok, so i have a few ideas.

First, after a skip occurs, what happens is deterministic. \Pi^dec_k, is fully defined by A_k. So we can just always add that to the timeline. Then, after that, we can also always add a segment, where the jerk is j_max and the duration is a^acc_max/j_max. you could do this in two ways, you could extend the duration last segment of Pi_k with that segment. That's where we move away from the formalization \Pi. The code implementation is no longer consistent with the formalization. But we've already done that. Because we only add subsections to the timeline (in code) that is needed for an individual input. The kinematic curves of the next input consists in large part of a subsection that's already there, but will also add a small part to the timeline. The piece it needs to get to the target position. 

So when a skip occurs, who gets the \Pi^dec_k added to its trajectory? So in this first image you see what happens. g_i is the gap between i and i+1. Let's use an example. As you can see here the gap of input 21, is very large. That means that there's a large gap between product 21 and 22. That's because product 22 skips a slot. So obviously, if 22 skips a bucket, then there's no issue between 21 and 22. There's an issue with 22 and 23. So if input $j$ skips a bucket, they should just run out the timeline, as is. The \Pi^dec_k should be added to the trajectory of product $j+1$.

in the second image you see the pygame simulation. The blue rectangles on top of the long rectangles are the inputs. The most left gray rectangle is upstream, then the next long rectangle is the buffer etc. Here you see the position for inputs 19 to 26. You see here the very rare case that none of the inputs have a gap violation. That's due to the skip. Input 22 and 23 will be in violation at the next frame. That's why we want $j+1$ have $\Pi^{dec}_{k}$ as part of its motion curve.

Another observation is this: The max velocity of an input $i$ is signal whether input $i+1$ will have to skip a slot. Depending on the difference in spawn times. If the spawn time was large, the velocity of input $i$ has less impact on the likelihood of input $i+1$ having to skip. I knew this before, and that's why keeping track of the statistics about this is interesting. So there's a function there, maybe we can learn that function. Let's say we have a function $P(v^{max}_i, \Delta t_{i+1})$  where $v_i^{max}$ is the max velocity of input $i$ on buffer, and $\Delta t_{i+1}$  is the time difference in spawn times between input $i$ and $i+1$. This function returns the probability of a skip. Of the max velocity was high enough, and the time delta was within a certain range, we increate the likelihood of a skip. if time delta was very small, we don't expect the $i+1$ to skip, because the max velocity bound may not be exceeded, and it may not need to skip a bucket. So the max velocity during the buffer trajectory causes the skip. Then with a certain range of time delta the likelihood of skip increases again, and then that it decreases again. It'll probably be an exponential function, and probably be a conditional gaussian. We could condition on the max velocity. But that might be hard to compute. It's a nice framing to think about it though.